A first Lie group! (#8)
JuliaManifolds/LieGroups.jl: docs/src/interface/operations.md

# An interface for Lie group operations

```@docs
AbstractGroupOperation
Identity
```

> For some generic group operations, generic implementations are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For some generic group operations, a generic implementation is available.
```
AFAIK the plural of "implementation" is rarely used.

Author: what would you prefer than for these generic function definitions?

Reviewer: This comment doesn't refer to the code, only docstring and grammar.

Author: My question as well ;) I am really just not sure what to write instead.

Author: Rephrased it to “Some specific group operations allow to define functions for all manifolds they
do build a Lie group with. These are”

starting an overview afterwards, because this will list the general multiplication and the matrix multiplication case and which ever one we come up with generically.

# An interface for Lie group operations

```@docs
AbstractGroupOperation
Identity
```

Some specific group operations allow to define functions for all manifolds they

> do build a Lie group with. These are

Reviewer: I think you mean functions for Lie groups and not manifolds?

Author: no, I meant that the operation together with the manifold builds a Lie group, In the sense of operation+Manifold=Lie group
